Updates for W3S at scale and adding architecture (that page needs work and diagram). (#254)
Consensys/doc.web3signer: docs/how-to/run-at-scale.md

* **Performance Tuning**: Optimize database configurations for rapid access, considering factors like indexing and connection pooling.

## Threading Model Optimization

Web3Signer's threading framework, [Vertx](https://vertx.io/docs/vertx-core/java/), while powerful, is not suitable for all environments without configuration. If you are experiencing request latency or blocked threads, consider adjusting the [worker pool size](../reference/cli/options.md#vertx-worker-pool-size).

* **Concurrency Management**: Tailor the size of Web3Signer's thread pool to the expected load, preventing bottlenecks. If you see decreased attestation performance while the signing load is at its peak, increase the pool size.
* **Dynamic Adjustments**: Implement monitoring tools to adjust threads in real-time based on current demand and workload. You should measure spikes and adjust the pool accordingly. We provide two [metrics](./monitor/metrics.md) that may help here: 
    * http_vertx_worker_queue_delay: time spent by requests in queues before being processed
    * http_vertx_worker_pool_completed_total : number of queries processed by Web3Signer

> ## Load Balancing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
full
```

or 

```suggestion
hello
```

To manage concurrency, tailor Web3Signer's thread pool size to your expected load. Increase the pool size if you observe decreased attestation performance during peak signing loads.

You can implement monitoring tools for dynamic thread adjustments based on current demand and workload. Measure spikes and adjust the pool accordingly. 

You can use the following [metrics](./monitor/metrics.md):

- `http_vertx_worker_queue_delay`: The request queue waiting time before processing.
- `http_vertx_worker_pool_completed_total`: The number of queries processed by Web3Signer.

## Load Balancing

At scale, deploy multiple Web3Signer instances behind a load balancer. This setup ensures balanced request distribution.
Use an ingress load balancer to spread requests evenly across instances. This prevents overloading of single instances.
Connect all Web3Signer instances to the same slashing database. This allows parallel signing without slashing risk.

For more information, see the [Kiln article](https://www.kiln.fi/post/learnings-from-running-web3signer-at-scale-on-holesky) on running Web3Signer at scale.

## Hardware recommendations

> Tests run nodes managing 10,000 keys on various testnets. For example, a single Azure Standard D8as v5 VM (8 vCPUs, 32 GiB memory) can host Besu, Teku, and Web3Signer simultaneously. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Web3Signer team runs nodes managing 10,000 keys on various testnets. For example, a single Azure Standard D8as v5 VM (8 vCPUs, 32 GiB memory) can host Besu, Teku, and Web3Signer simultaneously.
```

The first sentence was a little unclear.

Your specific use case may require less powerful hardware.

![Dashboard for Web3Signer](../../static/img/dashboard_hw.png)

> Web3Signer consumes less than 2GB of JVM heap while managing 10,000 keys in this setup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Web3Signer consumes less than 2 GB of JVM heap while managing 10,000 keys in this setup.
```

Nitpick
